{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11680\viewh13740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Purpose
\b0 : \
- The purpose of this program is to take user data on songs of a given playlist and develop an algorithm that will categorize it and provide the minimum and maximum for each song. \
\

\b Required for the Program:\

\b0 - A loop that allows the user to keep entering another song, until they enter a 0 to indicate no more songs (1 for yes, 0 for no). \
- a switch statement which will switch on the genre and for each case, keep track of the required song information. \
- Implement code for each of the above genres, even if your playlist does not contain the songs from all of them. \
\

\b Initial Thought on Algorithm:
\b0 \
- Starts off asking what genre your songs are. Then leads to a switch that will categorize the data. \
	- ints rock1, blues1, indie1, rap1, dance1, reggae1, country1, rb1, pop1 initialized. \
	** I\'92m thinking creating rock1..10 for each genre since the playlist is only to support 10 		entries.**\
- Once variables are initialized, kick into while loop, 1 to continue inputing songs, 0 to cancel program. \
	- Inside the While Loop, I will nest a switch that will add to the variables \
		**Need to learn how to have the switch add more variables and NOT overwrite my \
			pre-existing ones. }